alertmanager example and docs (#349)
stackhpc/stackhpc-kayobe-config: doc/source/configuration/monitoring.rst

StackHPC kayobe config includes a reference monitoring and alerting stack based
on Prometheus, Alertmanager, Grafana, Fluentd, Elasticsearch & Kibana. These
services by default come enabled and configured.

Monitoring hosts, usually the controllers, should be added to the monitoring
group. The monitoring group should be added as a child group to the Prometheus
group. The group definition can be applied in various different places. For
example, this configuration could be added to etc/kayobe/inventory/groups:

.. code-block:: yaml

    [monitoring:children]
    controllers

    [prometheus:children]

>     monitoring

Reviewer: This one isn't necessary - it is in the Kolla Ansible inventory.

SMART reporting should now be enabled along with a Prometheus alert for
unhealthy disks and a Grafana dashboard called ``Hardware Overview``.

Alertmanager and Slack
======================

> stackhpc-kayobe-config comes bundled with an array of alerts but does not serve
> them by default. Various receivers can be configured for Alertmanager. Slack is
> currently the most common.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
StackHPC Kayobe configuration comes bundled with an array of alerts but does not enable
any receivers for notifications by default. Various receivers can be configured for
Alertmanager. Slack is currently the most common.
```

Author: Done

> To set up alerts for a slack channel, you will need a webhook. `Create a new app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up alerts for a Slack channel, you will need a webhook. `Create a new app
```

Author: Done

<https://api.slack.com/apps/new>`__ in the workspace you want to add alerts to.
From the Features page, toggle Activate incoming webhooks on. Click Add new
webhook to workspace. Pick a channel that the app will post to, then click
Authorise.

> Next, create a prometheus-alertmanager.yml file under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a ``prometheus-alertmanager.yml`` file under
```

Author: Done

``etc/kayobe/kolla/config/prometheus/``. An example config is stored in this

> directory. You will need to set the ``slack_api_url`` to the webhook url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directory. You will need to set the ``slack_api_url`` to the webhook URL
```

Author: Done

SMART reporting should now be enabled along with a Prometheus alert for
unhealthy disks and a Grafana dashboard called ``Hardware Overview``.

Alertmanager and Slack
======================

StackHPC Kayobe configuration comes bundled with an array of alerts but does not
enable any receivers for notifications by default. Various receivers can be
configured for Alertmanager. Slack is currently the most common.

To set up alerts for a Slack channel, you will need a webhook. `Create a new app
<https://api.slack.com/apps/new>`__ in the workspace you want to add alerts to.
From the Features page, toggle Activate incoming webhooks on. Click Add new
webhook to workspace. Pick a channel that the app will post to, then click
Authorise.

Next, create a ``prometheus-alertmanager.yml`` file under
``etc/kayobe/kolla/config/prometheus/``. An example config is stored in this
directory. The example configuration uses two Slack channels. One channel
receives all alerts while the other only receives alerts tagged as critical. It
also adds a silence button to temporarily mute alerts. To use the example in a
deployment, you will need to generate two webhook URLs, one for each channel.

> These should then be set as the ``slack_api_url`` and ``api_url`` for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These should then be set as the ``secrets_slack_notification_channel_url`` and ``secrets_slack_notification_critical_channel_url`` for the
```

Author: Done

SMART reporting should now be enabled along with a Prometheus alert for
unhealthy disks and a Grafana dashboard called ``Hardware Overview``.

Alertmanager and Slack
======================

StackHPC Kayobe configuration comes bundled with an array of alerts but does not
enable any receivers for notifications by default. Various receivers can be
configured for Alertmanager. Slack is currently the most common.

To set up alerts for a Slack channel, you will need a webhook. `Create a new app
<https://api.slack.com/apps/new>`__ in the workspace you want to add alerts to.
From the Features page, toggle Activate incoming webhooks on. Click Add new

> webhook to workspace. Pick a channel that the app will post to, then click

Reviewer 2: We could clarify here that one App is fine for two channels, so with the bundled config you could add the webhooks to both the critical and non-critical channels. Sort of covered below I guess.

Author: Good spot, I've clarified the point

Authorise.

Next, create a ``prometheus-alertmanager.yml`` file under
``etc/kayobe/kolla/config/prometheus/``. An example config is stored in this
directory. The example configuration uses two Slack channels. One channel
receives all alerts while the other only receives alerts tagged as critical. It
also adds a silence button to temporarily mute alerts. To use the example in a
deployment, you will need to generate two webhook URLs, one for each channel.
These should then be set as the ``slack_api_url`` and ``api_url`` for the

> regular and critical alerts channels respectively. Both URLs should be encrypted

Reviewer 2: We could be more explicit here and tell people to put the webhooks in `kayobe/secrets.yml`. This follows existing convention.  Eg. 

```
secrets_slack_notification_channel_url: <some_webhook_url>
secrets_slack_critical_notification_channel_url: <some_other_webhook_url>
```

Author: I've moved things around and added this example
